Belpack-11-14-2025
Impromptu Zoom Meeting - November 19
VIEW RECORDING - 68 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/QUcpwXWtTUYGUxECdZUWjxLTL5Y3twjh

---

0:18 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Howdy howdy. Hello, howdy howdy. Hey everybody. yeah, yeah. Hey Nate, great questions at the webinar.

0:27 - Roy Dickan
  Well, I'll say.

0:30 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  That was a great webinar. It was.

0:33 - Nate Hallums
  It was excellent. Yeah. Yeah, what a way to add value to your employee base.

0:41 - Roy Dickan
  That's incredible. Oh gosh. I've had presentations on ESOPs before. Nothing was that good. Just the way they, the presenter and then who actually was doing it, the way they worked together.  That was sensational. Yeah.

1:03 - Nate Hallums
  I was really impressed. Hey, I spoke with R.C. Caldwell a couple hours ago just to get his insights since he's right here.  And he and Icy and I will get together here in the next week or so to talk about any number of things.  Thank you.

1:28 - Roy Dickan
  That's great. I'm glad to hear that.

1:30 - Nate Hallums
  I see I said that. Yeah, so. I'm listening, Nate.

1:35 - Icy Williams
  I just got off, so I don't know what you committed me to.

1:39 - Nate Hallums
  Yeah. Oh, boy. It's all on Good thing she didn't hear it.

1:43 - Roy Dickan
  Yeah.

1:45 - Nate Hallums
  And we expect a report. It's all good.

1:48 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  It's all good, huh?

1:49 - Nate Hallums
  Okay.

1:51 - Roy Dickan
  Yeah, no, I was just I wanted to pick R.C.

1:54 - Nate Hallums
  Caldwell's brain to see if there was anything that because I know he's worked. I've with packaging companies in the past, so I've got a few insights.  From what I could read, this is a pretty new amalgamation of three different firms, so they've probably got significant challenges in terms of culture and change management and unifying or standardizing practices and all kinds of different stuff.  So, can you speak to any of that, Icy?

2:33 - Icy Williams
  Yeah, a little bit. mean, you know, clearly, you know, just even from some of my experiences with the Procter & Gamble Company, as we acquired and shut down facilities and started up facilities, my last plant manager assignment, I had three cultures that came together in one facility from a Baltimore plant.  A New Jersey plant. A As well as the New York plant, and so all three of those cultures came together and they promoted me, a new plant manager, into that facility to not only help to create the culture, but also do some major process and productivity improvements with the plant.  So yes, I mean, there are, you know, it's really going in and really starting, you know, not from, from scratch, but really doing a major assessment to understand where those gaps are, and then working with leadership in the teams.  Yeah. To assert.

3:43 - Nate Hallums
  We're going to take months into this assemblage of companies. Oh, absolutely. Mm-hmm.

3:49 - Icy Williams
  Mm-hmm.

3:50 - Nate Hallums
  So it took me about, it took me about a year, year and a half. Mm-hmm.

3:56 - Icy Williams
  To work through that process. Huh? Well, it's just working through. The process, and then another three years, another three years, Henry is here, I'm going to let him in.

4:12 - Nate Hallums
  Okay, here we go, just wanted to give you guys a heads up.

4:18 - Icy Williams
  So, but another three years to really get the culture and the productivity where it needed to be in order to be seen as a value-add site for the P&G.  organization, so. Oh, wonderful.

4:33 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  So, what an experience to go through, too. Very learning experience, but also make you wiser.

4:40 - Icy Williams
  Oh, absolutely. future, right?

4:44 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Hey, Henry, we'd like to welcome you. Welcome, welcome. Good to meet you.

4:51 - Henry Hicks III
  Hi, great to meet, great to meet you all, and Icy, good to see you again today.

4:56 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  It's good to see you again, too, Henry. Oh, I see.

4:59 - Henry Hicks III
  Oh,

5:00 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Okay, you guys are regulars with each other. That's good.

5:03 - Icy Williams
  Well, we had a meeting this morning, you know, to do some introductions to one of the NMSDC's affiliate offices here in Georgia, which is the Georgia Minority Supply Development Council.  So we wanted Henry to connect up with that group. Wonderful, wonderful.

5:22 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Yes. So, yeah, we're going to become more embedded in that organization as we going forward. We're excited about that.

5:31 - Henry Hicks III
  That's great. So, yes.

5:32 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  So shall we wait a bit? I'm not sure if Anthony is going to make it.

5:37 - Henry Hicks III
  I can't remember, Icy. Do you remember? Did he send you a message?

5:40 - Icy Williams
  I think he said indicated that he's going to be a part of it. He's not going to be able to make the meeting this afternoon.

5:47 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  So it's just going to be you, Henry. I you, you, you, got to, you've got to roll with it, he's...

5:53 - Icy Williams
  Yeah, I'm sure you can carry the ball.

5:55 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  I got to carry the weight.

5:57 - Henry Hicks III
  Uh-oh.

5:57 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  You're going to have to carry it.

5:59 - Icy Williams
  Yeah.

6:00 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  You're more than able, Henry, I'll be on your team.

6:02 - Nate Hallums
  I'll back you up. I appreciate it.

6:05 - Henry Hicks III
  I need all the support I can get.

6:08 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Well, you got it. You got it. We are so excited to meet you, Henry. You've got quite an enterprise going on right now.  So Icy's told us a little bit about you. So, Icy, would you like to make some introductions? Let's start with you.

6:24 - Icy Williams
  Well, certainly. I mean, I'm just going to do a very quick introduction. I've been working with Henry and Anthony now for several months with the focus and the effort really is to connect them with consumer goods products companies or other companies that will continue their business growth across the U.S.  as well as Canada. So that has been the work that I've been doing and knew at least Anthony and Henry a little bit prior to coming on in this assignment.  very Thank But I've really gotten to know them from a standpoint of the value that they can bring to this side of the business.  So, Henry, I'm going to turn it over to you and let you do the major introduction based off of the parent company as well as the umbrella company, which you are representing as a part of this meeting today.

7:21 - Henry Hicks III
  Sure, I'm thrilled to do that, and Nel, Roy, Nate, very pleased to meet you all and share with you a little bit about Red Arts Capital and Bellpac, but first I'll tell you just a little bit about myself.  I've been around the block, you know, now I'm about to the place in my life and career where I've been around the, I'm no longer the young guy in the room, and that is, that's something that is a little bit of an adjustment to make when you kind of realize that, you know, folks you work with start calling you sir, it's kind of a little disconcerting at times.  But, I... So I've been around for a while in roles in marketing, banking, finance, private equity, sales and operations, I've done lots of things through a pretty interesting career, and just in the last seven months or so, rejoined the contract packaging, contract manufacturing industry with Bellpac.  Bellpac is owned by a private equity firm by the name of Red Arts Capital, Red Arts is out of Chicago, and they are specifically focused on supply chain advancement, is specifically what their portfolio companies are focused on, that is the thesis of their fund.  Bellpac is controlled by two African-American men, who raised about a $400 million fund, they're preparing now to raise another, another, a second fund, and Red Arts Capital is Bellpac  MBE-certified, so they recognized the value of being an MBE and being connected to our community in that way. So they acquired three contract manufacturing companies over the last two or three years, one by the name of Belvica, which is out of Toronto, Canada, and focuses really on food products.  So they are a primary contract packager for all kinds of candies and cereals and things of that nature is primarily what they do.  And they also purchased a primary contract manufacturer in Elgin, Illinois, just outside of Chicago, that also does primarily food, but lots of baking products, primarily, as well as some pasta.  So companies like Nestle and others, one of our newer customers is a company called Goodles, or Google's, which is, they are reinventing the mac and cheese market for us, and so that's one of their customers there, and then the final acquisition was a company by the name of Corgistics, which is based in Atlanta, and Corgistics does secondary contract packaging primarily, so our largest customer is Purina Pet Care, so we do a lot of dog and cat food packaging and display work, we do actually some Coca-Cola as one of our customers, just spent some time with them today, and then we've got several others, one of our, maybe our third largest customer is Subaru, and for Subaru, we do all of their packaging in the United States, and between the three companies, Belvica, Proof,  We operate 29 facilities across the United States and in Toronto, Canada. We're about a $400 million US dollar revenue company.  We've got about 1,000 employees across the country and in Canada. So a big operation, but what's interesting is that we have, through the acquisition, we have taken three family-run businesses and we're in the process of what I would call professionalizing those companies.  Nothing wrong with being a family-run business at all, but what we've done is brought in leaders with backgrounds from companies like PepsiCo and Cardinal Health and other organizations that are world-known and really trying to kind of tighten up and really lean into systematically adding value in some cases by  By taking costs out, and in other cases by increasing margins, and in other cases by growing revenue, and so my job in that mix is to grow the revenue for the business in the U.S., and so to pivot back to Subaru, because I know we're focused a little bit on Toyota today, for Subaru, all of the work that we do for them is in what we call, we are embedded in their facilities.  So in two of their largest facilities, and one in Portland, Oregon, and one in Indianapolis, Indiana, we take up square footage in their facility, parts come in from out of the country, most often in Asia, and come into our side of the building, where we package those parts.  So imagine windshields for Subaru vehicles being shipped over to the United States in containers, and we take them off of the container, bring them into a warehouse, and package them so that...  They are protected in storage, and when they are then later shipped to the dealership or to whoever needs to buy an aftermarket windshield for their Subaru vehicle.  The same is true windshields to wiper blades, brake pads to headrests, all of those parts and things come in, and in those two big facilities, we bring all the parts in, package them, and then move them to the other side of the wall, where Subaru on their own manages the distribution side of that.  So they take those parts, stick them in the warehouse, and then when the dealer calls them and asks for those parts, they'll take them.  We also do facilities maintenance in the other facilities, so that's in two facilities, but in all 29 we do facilities maintenance.  And that is not janitorial work. Or kind of, you know, rudimentary maintenance, but it really is kind of, it's almost anything else, it really is, we'll operate the fork trucks, we'll open and close the building, we might supervise the janitorial services folks, we might get a mechanic in to fix a conveyor line, or to make sure that the upward acting doors are functioning properly, so we are kind of their hands on in the facility to make sure that things are running the way they need to.  The advantage that they find, you know, for having us to do that are twofold. One is flexibility. So when they give us a sense of how much volume is coming in, we can flex our staff up and down to meet that volume.  So there's no, we don't have any requirement of a certain number of hours for a person to come in and do the work.  We do try to, of course, manage that to the best that we can, but we give them flexibility in that.  And then the second thing is labor cost, so we are not a union shop, and so for those particular services, they're able to do it at a lower cost than they would if they did it on their own on a per hour basis for the labor that they're paying for, and so that's really the advantage that we provide them in those regards, cost advantage and flexibility.  So I'll stop there, but that's a little bit about who we are, and I will add this one last thing, and that is because we are owned by Red Arts Capital, we are not constrained by our own balance sheet.  And so one of the things that we want to do, and we are always talking about with our customers and potential customers, is really transformation.  So we want to understand what the problem is that you're trying to solve, and we want to figure out what the investment is that you want to make in.  And then we will also figure out the investment that we're willing to make in that. And so, for example, last week, or two or three weeks ago, we got a call from PepsiCo about a challenge that they were having out in the Denver area.  And so our chairman got on a plane and flew to Denver and sourced three or four buildings that we might use to stand up a building in that market to help them sort some product that they want to then distribute into the retail market in advance of Super Bowl.  So this is something that we would have up by January, and we would be in market by February with these products in a completely new building that we stand up right away to help them do that.  So again, speed, flexibility and cost is something that we can offer to our customers to be able to do that.  And of course, in this instance, it represents the commitment of capital to be able to do that. And so we're not afraid to kind of jump in and solve a problem to help build our business and our customers.

16:59 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  some Well, question then, Henry. Are you also a partner in Red Arts? Not yet.

17:12 - Henry Hicks III
  I work for Bellpac, so I work for the packaging company. So I guess I forgot to mention those three companies that they put together formed Bellpac, and so that's what kind of creates that $400 million business.  And so I am an equity holder in Bellpac, but not in Red Arts.

17:34 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  All right. Understood. But you do have access to their deeper pockets when it comes to making recommendations of potential acquisitions.

17:43 - Henry Hicks III
  Correct. And are undertaking new lines of business.

17:46 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  That's right.

17:47 - Henry Hicks III
  And I suspect that that's why Anthony is not here today.

17:49 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  know that, you we're racing towards a couple more acquisitions. Wouldn't get them potentially closed this year, but I think he's trying to tee them up for a close early next year.  Mm-hmm. Wonderful. So you're in an area that, where there's lots of growth, you've really structured your strategies in a way.  And I really was struck by a statement you made that you help professionalize family business, family-owned businesses, and that is technologically, but also strategically and logistically, giving them the capabilities to be more profitable, cut costs, and generate more revenue, which is your activity areas.  Excellent.

18:34 - Henry Hicks III
  That's right.

18:35 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Okay.

18:36 - Henry Hicks III
  And, I mean, I think it's important, I appreciate you calling out those three areas, because it's not all about just cutting costs.  I mean, you can't, you know, I once worked for the chairman of Bank of America, and he said, you can't save your way to prosperity.  So you can, not in business, can, and maybe in retirement, but you can't do that in Ultimately, you've got to spend, you've got to invest in order to grow, but you do have to do so carefully and with some discipline, and that's what we're really trying to bring to the companies.

19:11 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Right. Awesome, awesome. So, yeah, today the focus is going to be on opportunities within Poyota Battery. And let me just point out that there are other OEMs that we're working with, too.  So, let's just start there. Roy would you like to say a few things? Yeah, sure.

19:33 - Roy Dickan
  Henry, are you interested in Toyota Battery and Toyota Automotive, or just Toyota Battery? Have you thought about that? I have not thought about that.

19:49 - Henry Hicks III
  You know, I think that the answer would be as broad as the opportunity. So, yeah, I just got off the call, got off of a call with our chairman, and he said, .  He said, we've got to close some deals next year, Henry. said, yes, sir. Okay, good.

20:06 - Roy Dickan
  The reason I brought that up is because Toyota Battery doesn't even have a full year in. They're shipping all their batteries at this point to Kentucky, but shortly into 2026, that's going to change, and they're going to go to other places in the US.  Have you thought about the packaging that would be not necessarily required, but would be what you would suggest for batteries?  They got three different types of batteries. They got one for the smallest one is probably for the hybrid only, and then they've got a hybrid plug-in that's a little larger, and then they've got...  uh, uh, uh, You mentioned that you could package these things for shelving and then when they ship them out, they're all ready to go and put into containers or whatever else it would be.  Have you thought about the packaging that would be for each of those, or did you know there were even three batteries that they are producing?

21:27 - Henry Hicks III
  Well, I certainly suspected that there was more than one type of battery that they were producing and recognized that there would be distinctions in the materials that would be used to do that.  I think, you know, most often the OEM, particularly in the case of Subaru, as an example, I mean, they specify for us the way that they want the package product to be supported.  And so, and oftentimes, and we can do it one of... We can do it either way. We can buy on their PO and buy against their buying power, or we can source separately on our own and fund that ourselves.  But in either case, generally speaking, the OEM says, this is what we require in order to be successful.

22:22 - Roy Dickan
  That makes sense. I hadn't thought about the packaging aspect of it. This is really interesting. I don't think there are a lot of people that are going after that.  The other thing that was really that you brought up is Red Arts has a supply chain focus. Yeah. And that's what we have.  We're all about the supply chain. So it's such a great fit because we think alike in that aspect of it.  Absolutely. Yeah, that's, that's really excellent. So Toyota has Specific requirements of all their suppliers within the supply chain, and that's what Nel is going to talk about, more than likely, if not today, very soon, because there are certain things that Toyota requires of every one of their suppliers, and it may be things that you already are, to some extent, concerned with Subaru, but Toyota has their own specifics, and there's nothing quite the same, being that they're Japanese, they do things in a little different way than we normally think about, but then you're talking Subaru, so you already, you kind of know this.  But at any rate, yeah, if we can figure out how to do the Japanese thing, I've got other ideas for Japanese.  These companies that are doing things that need packaging help within their supply chain. So I would imagine that Toyota is pretty much the standard for a lot of them.  They may not take it to the areas that Toyota does. Well, Alan, let me just step in here then.  other areas that other... Go ahead.

24:23 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Oh, Roy, I was just going to, since you brought it up, the requirements that Toyota is requiring of their suppliers, I guess it's a good time to jump into that.  So, all right. I've got a little slideshow, Henry, if you just bear with me.

24:39 - Henry Hicks III
  This is...

24:40 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Well, that's appropriate. All right.

24:43 - Roy Dickan
  Yeah, we do.
  SCREEN SHARING: Nel started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/QUcpwXWtTUYGUxECdZUWjxLTL5Y3twjh?timestamp=1484.575718

24:45 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  And we'll get to your gap analysis, too, because I saw that you submitted that today as well.

24:51 - Henry Hicks III
  So we'll get to that also.

24:53 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  But I just have to disclose to you, we're not, we're not in any way associated with Toyota. We are...  Independent of them, which means that what we, the information you provide for you is available readily, well, not so readily, which is why we had to do a little digging, but yes, we had to do a little digging, so let me just start this out, okay, to learn what the requirements are that Toyota has for their, all of their suppliers, second and third tier suppliers, so we have, I have to disclose that, that we're not employees or an individual.  Anyway, directly associated with Toyota, we are professionals in our consulting, um, for U.S. companies to get them into, um, major OEM supply chains, and also now, um, federal contracting, which is how I understand that you and Icy got together.  But we are a digital transformation company, we also bring industry 4.0 and 5.0 standards to companies, so that goes.  Along with your professionalizing family businesses, we are a quality cyber security systems provider, we have Lean Six Sigma people who are trained on our stuff, we're a conglomerate of a lot of expertises that are needed by manufacturing companies in the US, which is why we're using that expertise to help small and medium-sized manufacturers plug into these new reshored companies supply chains.  And so you did take the readiness survey, so we'll go through that in a little bit.

26:36 - Henry Hicks III
  Okay.

26:37 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  But this Toyota buy is, which you can imagine, soup to nuts, anything that has to do with their battery making, including logistics, hazmat, recycling, wastewater, and equipment, anything that has anything to do with how they need to produce their batteries.  Please. And then we'll skip through this. get to the requirements. Okay. So we create proof packs with our clients, because this is what Toyota's looking for.  They want proof that you can perform to their expectations. And among them, and Roy was alluding to this, is this IATF 6949 certificate.  And I skipped over the ISO 9001. That's pretty much standard across many of these larger OEMs. They want to see a quality certificate, at least the ISO 9001 variety.
  ACTION ITEM: Email Henry Toyota supplier requirements deck + OEM list - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/QUcpwXWtTUYGUxECdZUWjxLTL5Y3twjh?timestamp=1660.9999  That's probably the item that I want to emphasize here. The rest of these are very detailed, but I'll share this slide deck with you afterwards, so you can kind of take a look.  So that's just the quality piece. They're also looking for compliance and safety. It's evidence that you have compliance and safety policies and procedures in place, and you practice them and you have documentation that you can demonstrate to them.  So that's what we also do. We'll help you package it. If you need, you don't have the bandwidth, maybe now, to create these proof packs, we'll help you do that, and in a way that Toyota is expecting.  Then we have the Commercial Operations Proof Pack. They want to make sure that you can scale with them, that you have the wherewithal and the know-how and the infrastructure to be able to handle the scaling, and you can also be responsive to their needs.  The lead times, of course, they want to have me as short as possible, or if they... Place an order with you, that you'll be able to turn it around in a pretty reasonably quick fashion, and that you have all of your pieces in place.  Of course, they'll take you through a pilot first to help demonstrate to them that you can do what you say and that they're comfortable with giving you business.  And then ESG, I'm just hitting the highlights here so that we can spend more time on you. But the ESG, as you know, was a government requirement that companies be environmentally responsive, socially responsive, and that is that there's a culture inside of the company that is pro-employee, pro-worker, and fair, diverse, and responsible to the community.,ηưaimes.  So, Beautiful then we And then the governance piece is that you have the metrics in place, and you are measuring your performance inside of the company.  So these are standards that they're now expecting that their suppliers will meet. And you'll find that this is also true across the board with many of the large OEMs, and I'll share the list with you that they're asking for.  So we help people complete the packaging, and then let me just skip over. The rest of this is kind of process-oriented, is how we go through and work with our clients.  But we can talk in detail with you about that, because you have a very special structure, having over 20 locations and 1,000 employees around the country.  But let me just share one other thing. So let's go to the gap analysis that you filled out earlier, and I'm kind of...
  SCREEN SHARING: Nel started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/QUcpwXWtTUYGUxECdZUWjxLTL5Y3twjh?timestamp=1864.040166  Skipping through this a little bit because I, again, I want to, oops, spend more time on you. Let me find the right slide here.  Stop sharing. I hit the wrong button. Okay, where is that? Oh, there it is. Okay, I had it open here.
  SCREEN SHARING: Nel started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/QUcpwXWtTUYGUxECdZUWjxLTL5Y3twjh?timestamp=1880.099603  Okay, so here's the gap analysis results that we got. So, so you maintain all of your business identification, your business documentation is up to date, and you meet expectation.  So the 50% gap in your ISO 9001 certification, is that something that you have undergoing, that you're undertaking right now?

31:53 - Henry Hicks III
  No, you know, guess, first of all, the analysis was a little difficult to respond to, in some cases, because it ...  asks, you know, how important is this to you and then, or how important is this and how good are you at it?  So I was trying to guesstimate. But in this case, we've got all kinds of quality certifications. ISO 9001 is not one of them, but I would not anticipate there being any challenge.

32:21 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  You're right. Yeah, with the professionalism that you've imposed on your companies, I'm sure that that's the case.

32:30 - Henry Hicks III
  We just have to document it then.

32:32 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  And if you have a roadmap to it, that's something that Toyota and other companies would like to see. Mm-hmm.  And then, so I'm just going to address the gaps here because in the other cases, there is no issue that is visible to you.  Then you've got a disciplined process for managing engineering change orders. And is for��ers, education Listen So, and could you tell us a little bit more about your reasoning here for that?

33:05 - Henry Hicks III
  That's just something that typically doesn't come up in our business. It would be specifically engineering change orders. You know, we certainly have revisions to production schedules and that sort of thing that we deal with all day, every day.  You know, even if we think about packaging-related or logistics-related work for Toyota, I'm not sure we would get an engineering change order.  You know, we might get, you know, we're not going to do windshields today, we're going to do brake pads, or the volume is going to go up or the volume is going to go down.  We might get that, but we don't get many, we don't get engineering change orders because we're not really directly manufacturing a product.  I'm sure that would satisfy them too.

33:56 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  But that you do have change order processes in play. So that would be something to make sure that they are aware of, so you know exactly how you handle all of that kind of on the fly, if necessary sometimes.  So managing corrective actions, so that kind of is in line with the previous question.

34:20 - Henry Hicks III
  It is, we have a robust operational excellence and continuous improvement initiative that we've got fully staffed with folks both here in the US and in Canada.  And so that may fall in that vein somewhere. In fact, one of my teammates on my sales team is going to be moving into that group, and one of the first things we did was deployed her to go fix a plant.  We were, for one of our pet care customers, they were sending product in that was infested with Things that we don't want in the plant, and so there are all kinds of processes broken and all that kind of stuff, so we had to fix the plant and also put quality measures in place to be able to definitively share with the customer that the problem was theirs, not ours, and all of that kind of goes to the root cause analysis and kind of the CI work that we're doing to not only improve our operation, but also bring to light some opportunities.

35:30 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Opportunities for improvement that the customer can use as well. That sounds like a perfect answer. So, yeah, and also a write-up of that as a case study would be very good to include in your package.

35:44 - Henry Hicks III
  Okay.

35:45 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Yeah, very good, because you did go through the entire process. You did just say it was the customer's problem, not yours, but you went out and fixed it anyway.

35:52 - Henry Hicks III
  Right. Yeah.

35:55 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Okay, then your on-site safety requirements.

36:00 - Henry Hicks III
  Yeah, we've got, you know, a robust sort of safety and quality emphasis on our work. It is, I think we would be able to and willing to comply with Toyota's specific on-site safety requirements, but I'm just not familiar with them at all, so I didn't quite know how to answer that.

36:21 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Yes, of course, and that's another area where we help. It's a big document. Okay. And, yeah, as you would imagine, so they've been at this, you know, circle of excellence thing for a long time.  And safety is one of their main items to take care of. They want their workers to be safe.

36:45 - Henry Hicks III
  Sure. Yeah, as do you, I know, I'm sure.

36:49 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  And then, okay, so this is, this is something else that we help you with. The potential, the supplier intake portal, you're, you're invited.  Okay. So we have to make the case to someone on the inside that you are a worthy supplier that they want to do business with.  Okay.

37:12 - Henry Hicks III
  That's what we want to help you do.

37:14 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Okay. Okay, so most of these areas you meet expectations in your mind, so there are just a few things to tweak.  And so that's something that we could and would want to help you with. Yeah. But the other is, let me just show you one other thing, and this is something that's proprietary to us.
  SCREEN SHARING: Nel started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/QUcpwXWtTUYGUxECdZUWjxLTL5Y3twjh?timestamp=2259.62592  And we have 38 companies we're targeting. And Roy alluded to them, excuse me, I'm going to clear my throat a little bit.  And so, um, There's a lot of opportunity to enter the supply chains for all these companies that are rebuilding their supply chain in the U.S.  And you are in multiple states, so it's possible that you could open up opportunities in many of these other companies.  And that's what we would love to help you do. Like Roy said, we're supply chain oriented. We're building the supply chains.  So I'll just share this with you, and then ask you if you have any questions.

38:40 - Henry Hicks III
  Well, I do. But first is a thought, which is, you know, as we consider our next conversation, we really need to have Anthony on this call, and I will emphasize that for him.  Anthony Icy He's the operating partner for Bellpac, but also for two or three other Red Arts companies, again, all of which are supply chain.  One of them is specifically a 3PL logistics company, and they're probably, you know, one of them is a food services company, but all of those locations and all of those companies are companies that would all, it might all, it would almost be of some value for us to kind of go through this process together, if that makes sense, and maybe it may or may not make sense, but maybe if we're all sort of, we identify the two, three, four Red Arts companies to whom this applies best, we all sort of stack up and kind of say, all right, we're going to move through this together.  We may not all arrive there at the same time, but But it could be kind of, you know, maybe from your perspective, one scope of work, if that makes sense.  Yes, that does make sense.

40:10 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  And actually, because there is so much overlap in the requirements from these various companies, there would be a foundational package that could be modified to meet the specific needs of each one of those companies.  Yeah. And that's maybe what we could talk about next, creating that foundational package, and also making the introductions on the inside.

40:41 - Henry Hicks III
  Mm-hmm. Yeah, right.

40:44 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  That'd be tremendous.

40:45 - Henry Hicks III
  Where are you all based? Oh, we're across the country.

40:48 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  So I am the CEO. I'm based in California. And Roy, you want to introduce yourself? Yeah, I'm, I'm in North Carolina, Henry.

40:58 - Roy Dickan
  And, um, that's where- And quite a few other companies that I think might be of interest to you as we're considering this foundational package, but we have got, it seems like every two or three weeks there's another manufacturer that's beginning operations here, either expanding what they've already got or building a brand new plant.  And in all cases, the supply chain is critical. And so we've got that, but then we can get specific on what they're looking for beyond the supply chain.  But because we're looking at a supply chain from raw materials all the way through to completed products, and that allows us to be ahead of most people who don't consider it in that depth.  And Toyota looks at it. That way, they want to know everything from the beginning of it to the end of it, including the raw materials, and then the United States gets involved, and they want to make sure it's all United States stuff.  And then North Carolina gets involved, and they want to make sure, as much as possible, comes out of North Carolina.  But North Carolina is a very exciting state. I've got some other things, you know, as we work through this, some other great ideas for you that are happening in North Carolina.  What I like to do is catch it at the beginning, before anybody else even realizes that things are being figured out, and so I'm really excited to be able to talk to you that at a later time.  We're doing the foundational stuff right now, which is really critical.

42:48 - Henry Hicks III
  Sure, sure, yeah. Right.

42:50 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  But North Carolina is where I am.

42:52 - Roy Dickan
  Right. Jet Zero, Johnson & Johnson are building big factories there.

42:57 - Henry Hicks III
  Yeah. Yeah.

42:59 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Yeah.

43:00 - Roy Dickan
  Yeah, pharmaceuticals, things are big for us as well. I mean, there's so many things that you could be good at, are already good at, probably, that we can spark you into.

43:15 - Henry Hicks III
  When you were talking, was thinking about kitting, like one of the things that we do for some of our customers, and I would imagine that this would apply to some of these industrial companies, is kitting.  Oftentimes, you know, it's not just one part, but there are a set of parts that need to be in one place at the same time to enable, you know, changing out a lamp kit or, you know, surgical supplies and that kind of thing.  And that, that is sold as a kit, not as a part. And so when you, when you manufacture these things, or, or whoever's manufacturing, if it's not the same person, even if it is the same person manufacturing them, a lot of times they don't want us.

43:59 - Roy Dickan
  no. Thanks,

44:00 - Henry Hicks III
  Slow the production down to create the kit of the different parts, and that again is a part, a place where we come in and can do that.

44:10 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Thanks for that insight, that input. Yeah, opportunities around us, so let's take advantage of them.

44:21 - Roy Dickan
  It's so great that you actually are within some of these plants, because that's probably the best thing you can do for kitting, for sure, because it wouldn't stop any of the processes that are going on to create the products.  We try to do that, we take that with our digital twins, I don't know if you know what digital twins are, but we look at a manufacturing plant, and then we make a virtual copy of that plant, and we can test out things with it.  We can do that with all kinds of things with respect to where you would be located in the plant, for example, or exactly where they need to make changes in their supply chain.  So digital twins are something that we concentrate on big time. And I imagine Red Arts probably understands digital twins.  Yeah. If they don't, we'll help them.

45:29 - Henry Hicks III
  Yeah, it's one of our core strengths.

45:31 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Yeah. And so, Nate, would you like to tell a little bit about yourself? Yeah.

45:37 - Nate Hallums
  Well, Henry, I just, so I'm in Cincinnati, and a part-time home for Icy here, and we get together as often as we can.  And my, my role here really is to try to just listen and see where we have, we have such an amalgam of talent and service opportunities is to look for maybe really we're  There other areas of added value that we might provide that would be synergistic to some of the services that you're already looking for.  And I was hoping Roy would bring up the digital twinning because if you're looking to put up a plant inside of three or four months, then that process could be very advantageous as well as where you have integrated operations inside their location.  There may be opportunities for the customer to also look at alternatives as to how their flow works and in conjunction with your group.  But I just have to admire your calm in this storm of putting everything together. So definitely got to be a seasoned executive to be able to look at  I would imagine one of your biggest challenges right now with family-owned businesses is a culture transformation or integration. How are you tackling that?

47:12 - Henry Hicks III
  Big deal. Yeah, it is, and it's something that we are beginning just now, really. mean, they've owned some of these companies for two years or so, and we're just now turning attention, really, to culture.  I mean, it's kind of been paid some lip service over the last couple of years, but I think we're now, I think that, I mean, it's really interesting.  One of the perhaps downsides of bringing in execs with large corporations is that they presume that someone else is doing it.  And so, you know, we are, we're having to kind of say to, say to them, you know, hey, you know, you should do an all hands meeting once a month.  And you should, no, you should be face to face. Like, in the building, sit down, stay for a while, because nobody else is doing it.  So it's you. And things of that nature. And that will go a long way just towards culture, you know.  When you're not in a meeting, leave your door open to your office. Like, you know, let folks walk by and tell them a joke every now and then.  But, you know, that kind of stuff is what we're just now turning attention to. I'm finding, you know, my colleagues are very willing.  But, know, really, some of the things that, you know, might think about more easily, some of these folks kind of have to have their hand held just a little bit to get them there.

48:45 - Nate Hallums
  Right. Yeah. Coming from the corporate culture, you're not necessarily used to dealing with the front line. And, and so that education and that feedback loop does need to be developed.  So those are, there are Mechanisms and systems for that employee feedback, excuse me, that we may want to help you take a look at if you're open to those sort of things.  One of the pieces that Nel mentioned is that social feedback, the ESG component of that whole component as it applies to some of these larger companies, and they want to know that you have those sort of things in place.  So helping to get that communication going and systematizing that stuff. Let me just ask a couple of specific questions though, excuse me.  So when you talk about facilities management for some of the locations, and even where within your own locations, is there a sense of the, do you manage the energy for those clients as well?

49:54 - Henry Hicks III
  Hmm, uh, no, no, we don't. Um, in those facilities. facilities. Facilities where we do FM services, they are client, in most cases, they're the Subaru facilities and they are their facilities.  And actually, in most of them, we are the only people in those facilities, but they are still Subaru facilities.  And so, kind of the energy and kind of the, some of the infrastructure-related things are kind of there under their responsibility.  We just kind of make sure the lights come on and place stays swept up and deliveries are able to be delivered and the fork trucks are charged and that kind of thing to keep it running.  Yeah.

50:42 - Nate Hallums
  And I know there, there, we could, we, you know, we haven't gotten there yet. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um, so that's, yeah, that's, that's good to know.  Um, I know there can be, uh, exposure, uh, in terms of packaging and depending on what it is that you're packaging and how far you carry the risk.  So are there any big areas of risk that you see as you're combining these companies, or maybe in one or the other?

51:10 - Henry Hicks III
  Yeah, mean, that's an interesting question, and I hadn't really quite thought about it that way, but I think we see risk in systems, and we're really spending a lot of time.  You know, the thing with private equity, of course, is that just like there was an acquisition, there will be a sale, so there will be an exit.  And so the question that we have and the risks that we're looking at is, you know, how do we first do no harm, and second, create as much value as we can in the three to five years that we want to kind of be in the business, and create as much value as possible along the way.  So one of the things that we see is systems. So the companies each have three. We need it to run as one company as best we can, and so what is the level of investment that it is prudent to make to kind of get the systems all talking to one another?  What is the timeline for doing that? What's kind of the most reasonable approach to both add value in terms of the ability to do analysis, but also to make it, streamline it for when the ultimate buyer then says, okay, I'm buying, I'm buying one company, but it has five systems, or does it have one system?  And so, you know, what's kind of the, how do we position that to make it a win? So that's, that is an area where we see some risk is in systems.  There's also risk in, I would say, kind of customer mix and customer concentration as well. So, you know, in the US, we've got one customer that represents more than 30% of our business.  That's a risk. That's risk. But also what I would call the secondary packaging business is less sticky than the primary manufacturing business.  So we tend to have contracts and contract renewals upon renewal upon renewal with our primary manufacturing customers. Whereas in the secondary manufacturing piece, a lot of times we'd have customers that churn business in and out.  So they might be $10 million a year, one year, and $3 million the next year. The automotive space, Subaru is not an example of that, but kind of more in the food, beverage, home goods, et cetera, because their plants are, Icy understands this really well, their plants are designed to do one or two or three things really well and really efficiently.  Their outside contract manufacturer, whether it's primary or secondary, is really designed kind of almost for overflow and for innovation.  And so that innovation sometimes doesn't do well, in which case they're going to Pull that business and it's gonna go away.  Sometimes it does really well, which means they're gonna pull that business internal and it's gonna go away. And so there is risk associated with that.  And so, you know, we want a mix of business that allows for some flexibility, some innovation and continued growth, because every now and then you find kind of an innovation play that takes off, and that allows you to kind of grow your business.  But you also want some steady-as-she-goes contracts that, you know, are multi-year and then renew period after period so that you've got some stability at the top line as well, and you don't over-invest in facilities.  Mm-hmm. So, you know, one of the reasons that we are interested in some of the industrial work, as is different from the food and beverage piece, is because it tends to behave, even if it is...  ...packaging, it tends to behave a little bit more... More stable than the food and beverage and even home goods and housewares do, because, you know, once you outsource it, you find a reason, you find a value in that, you know, the Toyota Camry is the Toyota Camry, and they're to keep selling those Toyota Camrys and we'll keep bringing windshields in from Japan, and so, you know, that tends to be steady and stable, more so than, you know, Kellogg's deciding that they're We're going to add a raisin bran with blueberries and see if it works, and that it does for about three months, and then that business goes away, so that's, those are a couple examples of things that we see as risks that we're trying to mitigate.

55:44 - Nate Hallums
  Yeah, well, I appreciate that, and so as, you know, as Nel was walking you through, and Roy touched on the digital twinning, all of that is, you know, change management, risk management, you know, kinds of processes,  And so that's really our focus is to help make that the entire chain to ultimately the doorstep of Toyota in this instance, or in any of the other OEM relationships, to make that as bulletproof, as documented and as bulletproof as possible.  So when you're talking about like the systems, how do you want to identify the risks of those? Where's the best way to integrate?  What's the best system to use? And I don't know if you have old legacy systems. I'm an old IBM guy.  There's the spaghetti code, and then there's AI. So where are you along that transom?

56:47 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  So you are hitting on some sweet spots for us, because technology is our bedrock. We bring technology to companies and provide consistency.  Sincere across systems, and having siloed operations doesn't help companies, so we break down the walls so that there's integration and consistency, uniformity of practices across a whole enterprise, no matter how many locations they have, and that is definitely something that we help companies do, because too many versions of the truth um, uh, you know, confusion, and maybe mistakes, mistakes, mistakes in judgment, mistakes in decision making, mistakes all along the way, which are costly, as you know, but you're also addressing, put that way, that is, that's a great phrase, too many versions of the truth, can you?  Yes.

57:49 - Henry Hicks III
  Boy, that is, uh, my dad would say, that'll preach.

57:55 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  No, no, and we, we realize that is a, it's a, it's a huge risk for companies. Because they're making decisions based on guesswork, or gut work, and based on what they feel in their gut.  The other issue that you brought up, the economic, the sensitivity to the economic trends is different, like you mentioned, between different industries.  And so adding to your portfolio, when it's not so sensitive to economic, to purchasing demand, versus manufacturing, we have to have things, we have to have, we have to have chairs, our ergonomic tools, and we have to have our computers.

58:46 - Icy Williams
  And yes, oh, yes, TP, yes, absolutely.

58:50 - Nate Hallums
  I'm a hoarder, I admit it.

58:53 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Yes, and hand cleaning products, right?

58:57 - Henry Hicks III
  I wrote an article once that said, we got to make stuff.

59:01 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Yeah, we relied too much on China for that stuff, right?

59:05 - Henry Hicks III
  So that's why we have to bring it home.

59:08 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  And that taught us a big lesson, which is the big reason a lot of us, why we formed our conglomerate, our association, was to help bring that back to the U.S.  so that we are not as dependent on other countries where we can be self-sufficient and self-deterministic in a way.  Yes, yes. So that's why we're here. We formed in March this year, just to be completely transparent with you, but we all have deep experience in manufacturing.  I came from Northrop Grumman, Toyota, and Balkan, and Epson, and Nike. So these are the five manufacturing companies that I was involved with.  So I have a nice lens through which to see what you're but

1:00:00 - Henry Hicks III
  what is going on here? Well, I would love to learn more about how it works, how you put together, I suppose, an engagement or assistance like us.  You know, one of the things that would be helpful for me to understand, and this may be challenging, but is, you know, is kind of a sense of the market opportunity.  So what are we working towards? So, you know, in retaining Icy, I had enough of an understanding of what the supplier diversity marketplace looks like, how big the market is, how big the opportunity is.  I had a really good sense of Icy's knowledge and relationship of the space. And I also had a realistic understanding of how the sector has changed.  So , I was easily able to have the conversation and kind of get the support to get Icy on the team because I could I could say we're chasing this much money there.  These are specific opportunities where I think we can where I think in the near term we can we can pursue some opportunity.  And so I think as we continue the conversation here, it would be helpful to me, specifically speaking for Bellpac, maybe maybe it's a little bit of a different conversation with respect to Red Arts.  But specifically speaking for Bellpac would be to be able to say, you know, this is the kind of working relationship that we're exploring.  This is the size of the payoff that we are anticipating in and in this period of time. So are we are we spending, you know, a lot of money for the next year in hopes to getting a little bit of money two years from now?  Or are we spending a little bit of money over a short period of time, anticipating a lot of money in a longer period of time, or in an intermediate period of time?  And so my ability to kind of put some sense of scope around that will help me to be able to make progress.  Perfect.

1:02:22 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Yes. So that, yeah, Icy is on, well, she's one of us, so she's on the team, of course, just, well, she is.  And, but what we'll do is to build a little bit of a business plan for you, so that you can see some ROIs, also our proposal of what we would like to do for your company.  to help you be sustainable, but also, um, use what we help you build to leverage, and... Heapfrogging to the future.  We would also like to be long-term consultants with you, we would.

1:03:08 - Henry Hicks III
  Well, again, what I really suggest is, if you could provide something to me, kind of that initial business case and proposal, or even business case and sort of this is the way that we work, kind of something there, I think at that point I would want to get Anthony to join us to have a broader conversation.  And then we'll, but I will tell you that anybody that knows me knows that, you know, we're not going to continue this conversation for six months while we try to figure it out.  That's not good for either of us. And so, you know, I'm trying to make some strategic decisions between now and the end of the year, so that I can be running hard on the day after New year.

1:04:01 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Perfect. We are an agile team. So, yeah, we work quickly, too. And we don't want to wait unnecessarily longer than we need to.  But let's do this. Can we plan to meet in a week, a week from today? We could, but when do you think you can get me something in writing?

1:04:25 - Henry Hicks III
  What I'd rather do is have that, share it with Anthony, and simultaneously say to him, we need to get back on a call with him.  Because he'll respond better to that.

1:04:39 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Right. So I plan to have something in your hands in a week.

1:04:44 - Nate Hallums
  Yes. Would, so Henry, would you, let me just, uh, share with you one of the things that would be in that document, uh, so that you won't be completely surprised or, or need too much more additional explanation.  One of the things. One that we do, or we offer anyway, is a wellness program that actually delivers cash flow to the business, so depending on how the insurance is done today, we sit on top of a major medical plan, and so depending on how that is done as the baseline, this wellness plan could deliver anywhere from $1,000 to $3,000 per employee every year.  So that you'll see in the proposal as an offset to any of the fee schedule, and we can talk more about how that works, but it's a completely compliant plan under the ACA, and it's starting to, you know, take the industry by storm.
  ACTION ITEM: Research Toyota Battery packaging volumes/ROI; include in proposal to Henry - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/QUcpwXWtTUYGUxECdZUWjxLTL5Y3twjh?timestamp=3960.9999  State governments are involved, professional football teams, New York Stock Exchange companies. Thank you. Jon. Okay. from a valuation standpoint, there's no investment that needs to be made, so it's just pure cash that drops to the bottom line.  Okay.

1:06:11 - Roy Dickan
  And I am happy to do the research on what kind of money can be made with Toyota Battery. We'll start with one company, we could do Toyota another time, we could do other companies another time, but I want to tell you what kind of money is available from packaging the batteries that Toyota is going to make.  The volumes are significant, so it'll be my pleasure to do this research.

1:06:41 - Henry Hicks III
  Okay. All right. I mean, I think, you know, based on what I'm hearing so far, and again, it could be a little bit different for Red Arts, so I'm not speaking for them.
  ACTION ITEM: Email Henry proposal + ROI (incl. wellness); request fwd to Anthony + 2-wk follow-up - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/QUcpwXWtTUYGUxECdZUWjxLTL5Y3twjh?timestamp=4017.9999  But, you know, well, let me see what you come back with first. Right.

1:07:00 - Icy Williams
  I was going to say, Henry, see what we come back with in terms of the opportunities, potential opportunities.

1:07:08 - Henry Hicks III
  So what I would suggest in terms of timing then, Nel, is if you want to get me something in a week, then why don't we meet in two weeks?  Because then I can, and that, by the way, a week from now, I'm sure my arm, my wife will ensure my arm is deep in a pot of greens somewhere, so getting ready for the next day.  But if I get that, you know, next Tuesday, Wednesday, I can flip it to Anthony right away and say, hey, you know, we had a great conversation, let me suggest that we jump on a call next week and go from there.  That sounds ideal.

1:07:43 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Perfect. All right, great. Yes, we want to be responsive to you, and yeah, thank you for this opportunity, truly.

1:07:50 - Henry Hicks III
  Thank you. I appreciate it. It's been great to talk with all of you. Yes, the pleasure is ours.

1:07:55 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Thank you.

1:07:56 - Henry Hicks III
  Thank you, Henry, for taking the time.

1:07:58 - Icy Williams
  great afternoon.

1:07:59 - Henry Hicks III
  Yes. You, too.

1:08:00 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Thank you.

1:08:01 - Henry Hicks III
  Great to meet you.

1:08:02 - Nelinia Varenas (Strategic Value+ Solutions)
  Bye-bye.